cube they eliminate the consequences
hurricane wind its speed reached
40 meters per second it rained
because of the night revelry the elements occurred
power line breaks damaged
the roofs of the buildings have fallen trees
flooded settlements especially
suffered temryuk
Primorsko-Akhtarsky is and Slavic
Crimean Seversky district and and Anapa
no light left in total
more than 150,000 people in the Yeisk district
in the morning began the evacuation of residents introduced
emergency mode li-min
flooded part of houses populated areas
Dolzhanka and Yasenskaya crossing water
level 1 meter to save people
climb to roofs already had
evacuate about 80 people in the village
Dolganka and about 60 in the village of Yasenskaya
ferry kindergartens and schools
canceled classes now have running
our film crew details are ready
tell victoria spout legal
the camera still continues
evacuate temporary accommodation
delivered more than a hundred people 3-4
diaries i there they render first
necessary help caliph 3 tec speeches
or before and after many well sellers want
from local hurts and presumably
need help a few more hundred
man introduced an emergency mode and in Temryuk
area about 40 percent of the territory without
electricity also closed school
damaged roofs fell trees
damaged ethnic village ataman
She in Russian Gelendzhik today
left without water this happened because
power outages caused by
storm wind when water supply
recover until
because of the wind that intensified this night
up to 30 meters per second has been discontinued
work on the Kerch ferry storm
the warning will continue until the end
of today
United Transport Directorate recommends
refrain from traveling to Crimea until 26
September at the same time now in the port of the Caucasus
their turn on the ferry waiting for 410
cars and in the port of Crimea 950 add in
the edge today is saved emergency
strong wind warning up
the end of the day in the Kerch Strait and on
the coastal zone of the black sea we
we stopped with an iron horn
Anapa is expected to be very strong
northwest wind up to 25-30 meters
second wave height in the sea can
reach 4 meters